Add Certificate 'otherNames' SAN field description (#1378)
cert-manager/website: content/docs/releases/release-notes/release-notes-1.14.md

#### New X.509 Features

> The cert-manager Certificate resource now allows you to configure a subset of "Other Name" SANs.
> Other Name is one of the GeneralNames like dnsName, IP , URL or URI SAN, described [page 37 in this RFC section on SANs](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280#section-4.2.1.6)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cert-manager Certificate resource now allows you to configure a subset of "Other Name" SANs,
which are described in the [Subject Alternative Name section of RFC 5280](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5280#section-4.2.1.6) (on page 37).
```
